core: adding 'radosgw-admin' command support (#296)
rook/kubectl-rook-ceph: README.md

- `rados <args>` : Run a Rados CLI command. Supports any arguments the `rados` command supports. See [Rados docs](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/man/8/rados/) for more.

> - `radosgw-admin <args>` : Run a Radosgw CLI command. Supports any arguments the `radosgw-admin` command supports. See [Radosgw-admin docs](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/man/8/radosgw-admin/) for more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `radosgw-admin <args>` : Run an RGW CLI command. Supports any arguments the `radosgw-admin` command supports. See the [radosgw-admin docs](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/man/8/radosgw-admin/) for more.
```

Author: done
